docs: Readd rebar3 section (#158)
gleam-lang/website: getting-started.md

- [https://github.com/asdf-vm/asdf](https://github.com/asdf-vm/asdf)
- [https://github.com/asdf-vm/asdf-erlang](https://github.com/asdf-vm/asdf-erlang)

## Installing rebar3

> Gleam uses rebar3, the standard Erlang build tool for its Erlang dependencies.
> Install rebar3 by following the [official rebar3 installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Erlang based dependencies (such as their web servers and HTTP clients)
the rebar3 Erlang build tool may need to be installed.
Install rebar3 by following the [official rebar3 installation
```
